Consul Connect (#64)
hashicorp/katakoda: consul-connect/step2.md

> Next, start a second terminal. You'll start the frontend service, `dashboard-service`, on port `9002`. It will not yet connect to the `counting` service...you will do that in another step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, start a second terminal. You'll start the frontend service, `dashboard-service`, on port `9002`. It will not yet connect to the `counting` service, you will do that in another step.
```

Click the **+** button in the tab bar and select **Open New Terminal**.

<img src="https://education-yh.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/screenshots/ops-another-terminal.png" alt="New Terminal" title="New Terminal">

> The service defnition instructs Consul to look for the `dashboard-service` on port `9002`. You can see the service defnition by looking at the configuration file at `/etc/consul.d/dashboard.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service definition instructs Consul to look for the `dashboard-service` on port `9002`. You can inspect the service definition by looking at the configuration file at `/etc/consul.d/dashboard.json`.
```
